README.md, before:

# Project - DT146G #

### What is this repository for? ###

* This repository contains codes for my work for the project of the course.

`Webbprogrammering med HTML5, CSS3 och JavaScript`

The project is a web application used to measure a user's typing speed and accuracy.

The user can choose if the typing is done in English or Swedish and whether accuracy

is calculated taking the case of the letters into consideration.

* Version 1.0


## How do I get set up? ###

* The project repository is set-up as follows
- Project 	(main directory)
	- audio (has audio for the project)
	- css	( hass all css)
	- font	( has all downloaded fonts)
	- img	( all images in here)
	- js	( all js in here)
	- .gitignore ( the gitignore file for the project)
	- index.html (the xml page of the program)
	- texts.xml	(the xml file containing sample texts)
	- dt146g_lobe1602_projekt.fodt ( the project report)

### Contribution guidelines ###
This is an individual project so there is no contribution guideline

The project however, follows the git branching workflow where every

feature is done on a branch and later merged with the master branch.


### Who do I talk to? ###

* All enquiries should be directed to  via email <lobe1602@student.miun.se>

## Live testing of the application ##

[![demo](img/liveDemo.png)](http://studenter.miun.se/~lobe1602/projekt/)

Commit message:

Complete code base for project
Project now submitted with expectations for a B grade

README.md, after:

# Project - DT146G #

### What is this repository for? ###

* This repository contains codes for my work for the project of the course.

`Webbprogrammering med HTML5, CSS3 och JavaScript`

The project is a web application used to measure a user's typing speed and accuracy.

The user can choose if the typing is done in English or Swedish and whether accuracy

is calculated taking the case of the letters into consideration.

* Version 1.0


## How do I get set up? ###

* The project repository is set-up as follows

- Project 	(main directory)
	- audio (has audio for the project)
	- css	( hass all css)
	- font	( has all downloaded fonts)
	- img	( all images in here)
	- js	( all js in here)
	- .gitignore ( the gitignore file for the project)
	- index.html (the xml page of the program)
	- texts.xml	(the xml file containing sample texts)
	- dt146g_lobe1602_projektReport.fodt ( the project report)

### Contribution guidelines ###
This is an individual project so there is no contribution guideline

The project however, follows the git branching workflow where every

feature is done on a branch and later merged with the master branch.


### Who do I talk to? ###

* All enquiries should be directed to  via email <lobe1602@student.miun.se>

## Live testing of the application ##

[![demo](img/liveDemo.png)](http://studenter.miun.se/~lobe1602/projekt/)

NB: Application <b>works best</b> with google chrome and opera. It also works 
with 
firefox though with some quirks.  
Application <b>does not work </b> with internet explorer and safari. It has not 
been 
tested with Microsoft edge.
